Now let's take an overview of what we learned so far in the section and this section will coward.
One of the greatest components of spring family and that was spring data.
We discussed what GPA is and what exactly spring data adds onto it.
We also discovered the H-2 database again it was an in memory database and let either use it a file
or simply in memory that was also what we use within our applications dummy moved on to creating an
entity and had it created as an actual table within our H-2 database.
We also created ourselves a repository and that repository we saved updated and basically manipulated
our data in different ways.
Down we moved on to queering our data with spring data and JPA with the repository we created in the
creating repository section.
We added our own named methods as queries and repository handled them all for us.
After finishing our implementations I wanted you to go ahead and start implementing your own entities
are repositories with this way.
You could have a practical understanding of supplying data.
I hope you did well on your exercise and if you have any problems with it I'll be more than happy to
help you.
All right.
We're coming to an end of a productive session.
And in the next section we're going to dive deep with the rest API.
So to start 12 unrestful API as with spring.
I'll see you on the next section.